Optimize (CQA) - Mng content - Optimizing (#4873)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_changing-the-mirroring-policy-for-a-repository-by-using-cli.adoc

= Changing the mirroring policy for a repository by using Hammer CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> Update the mirroring policy for a specific repository to control whether sync adds content only, mirrors repodata, or removes content deleted upstream.

Reviewer: I am a bit unsure:

```suggestion
Update the mirroring policy for a specific repository to control whether synchronizations add content only, mirror repodata, or remove content deleted upstream.
```

Author: Synchronization is an uncountable noun, so I don't think the plular reads cleanly. But we can at least spell out the "sync" as a complete word:
```suggestion
Update the mirroring policy for a specific repository to control whether synchronization adds content only, mirrors repodata, or removes content deleted upstream.
```
